okay greninja Jolteon that Charizard is
terrifying Charizard is terrifying it
don't do not want to face that um we're
gonna lay off on the fern ape because if
he leads off for good ninja for some
reason I can kill him if he leads off
with Mamoswine for some reason I can you
turn out into something maybe man this
one's actually a little bit of a problem
I'm just gonna you turn down this this
thing's actually a big fucking problem -
I don't really want to get paralyzed
Ernie that shit so let's go into this
and no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no that none of that
let's stone edge we have no reason not
to why would you do that why did you do
that
if he thought he was oh he thought I was
gonna set up stealth rocks probably um
but no no I was not
alright yeah that was a little ballsy of
a prediction scald don't worry don't
burn fuck yeah oh he gets a crit burn
too which is not good
I'm the stealth rock though he's an ice
beam yeah I could have killed him there
I know but I didn't so sue me
but he's now the ice type so what that
means is I'm coming to play bullets and
have a good ol time
I have a good old time have a good old
time
so ya Infernape flare blitz he probably
knows something's up but I'll get a good
hit I think that's who at Keo everything
else anyway sir
probably even Kong killed her and maybe
maybe all uh togekiss as well so
possibly
he's probably thinking about what he
wants to do here but since he is the ice
type Flair bullets will knock it out I'm
gonna start the timer though just in
case he like fell asleep or something
you know just in case and we're gonna
just go for flare blitz is here hmm and
clear my throat and I I think as this
session has gone on an old sound is
hoarse or messed up or maybe that's just
my own perception of my voice I guess
we'll just cut this when he comes back
there we go he stayed in for some reason
even though there's usually a reason I
mean I could have Maude punched maybe he
was Cal King see if he could live a mock
punch
he thought he could I don't know but I
want to say from here what's a good
switch in what is a good switch in
Oh as long as this is around we're safe
I want to say so I he could go for ice
punch she could go for knockoff really
unless he has a rock move nothing is
really gonna hurt pincer that bad you
know
so I kinda just want to go into Penn
State right now because I resist his
stab ice punch it won't be super
effective the worst thing he could do is
ice punch and freeze though that would
be kind of detrimental he's just gonna
drain punch and that does like nothing
so I really don't think Conkeldurr can
live an area late boosted returned so
let's just go for it don't even play
around if this lives it if he has like
some kind of flying resistance berry I'm
gonna frickin shit my pants but as far
as I can tell
nothing's gonna want to take this he
just stays in and that is a no coat and
my god Penn sir you are okay I love you
I just want to like fly on your wings
this think and t-wave it candy fog so I
want to go into Landrieu's do not want
to get T waves he's gonna try to air
slash they must be physically defensive
to try to live that but I'm just gonna
stone edge he's gonna dazzling gleam
that does like nothing and I predict a
roost here since he is faster it looks
like we're gonna oh okay
or not
but I don't want him healing so I'm just
gonna go for earthquakes using a ma'am
oh well he can live one more switch in
but I need to save this probably not
probably not probably not okay so let's
see I guess we'll just stay in we he
could set up rocks boy I'm just gonna go
for a knock off cuz that'll kill you the
way he's gonna play it safe go for the
ice shard I'm gonna come in with
Infernape and just go to town on him I
sure don't do that much it's resisted
and I'm pretty sure Jolteon gets a code
if not to a ko'd so what to see though
um but I'm pretty sure this one's in the
bag already
oh that gets oak code look at that power
Infernape man the power of Infernape I
think as far as who's getting thumbnail
duty I want to say either Infernape
actually probably Infernape fair thorn
and pincer I want to say
but yeah this is this is turning out to
be a nice I'm surprised this seems to in
this well this is doing really really
well all right let's move on to the next
one